644 update AuthRedirect handbook (#194)
infinum/frontend-handbook: React/Recipes/Session Handling.md

    const shouldRedirect = (ifFound && data) || (!ifFound && !data);

    if (shouldRedirect) {
      push(to);
    }
  }, 
  // eslint-disable-next-line react-hooks/exhaustive-deps
  [data, isValidating, error, to, ifFound]);

  // this component renders nothing since it is only used to redirect if needed.
  return null;
};
```

> > **Note** we added `eslint-disable-next-line react-hooks/exhaustive-deps` to the `useEffect` hook. This is because we don't want to rerender the component if `condition` and `push` are changed. We are aware this is a dangerous thing to do, but in this case, it is a necessary evil. This issue will be resolved when React add finish `useEffectEvent` hook. More about this can be found [here](https://react.dev/learn/separating-events-from-effects#reading-latest-props-and-state-with-effect-events)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note** we added `eslint-disable-next-line react-hooks/exhaustive-deps` to the `useEffect` hook. This is because we don't want to rerender the component if `condition` and `push` are changed. We are aware this is a dangerous thing to do, but in this case, it is a necessary evil. This issue will be resolved when React finishes `useEffectEvent` hook. More about this can be found [here](https://react.dev/learn/separating-events-from-effects#reading-latest-props-and-state-with-effect-events)
```
